{% autoescape off %}

I wanted to give you a brief status update.

Update #1  Things are really picking up speed and I'm doing my best
to keep up.  One thing I've learned is that most parents are forming their
learning groups -- I refuse to call them 'pods', sounds like Invasion of the
Body Snatchers -- outside of the system.  This makes total sense, and we want
to support those users as well.  But the invite system is a bit cumbersome
for those already in groups and so I've turned it off.

Instead, I'll simply take your existing group information and add the
information into the system directly.  Eventually I'll make it possible
for parents to enter their own data, but for now I'll just do things
manually until I learn more how people are using the system.

If you already have a group, wonderful -- just let me know and I'll enter it.
You can also call/text me at 415.713.2126 if that's easier.  Otherwise, by the end
of the day I'll send out individual emails with all parents of the same school and
grade so that they can connect with one another to form their own groups, which
I can then add to the system.

Update #2 is, bluntly, teachers are very hard to find.  I'm sure you already knew
that, but even those I'm able to recruit are not committing to times in the Fall
until they know the schedule for their own distance-learning classrooms.  I am
going to continue to get better at finding and recruiting teachers, but for now
please be aware it is slim-pickings and if I haven't followed up with you directly
it's because I can't find an available teacher at this time.

Update #3 is that because of Update #2 I'm researching other ways parents can
help educate their children.  I don't want to speak more on that right now since
I still think experienced teachers are the way to go, but be aware that I am gathering
additional resources so that we can support each other even when a teacher is
unavailable.  More on that soon.

As always, thank you, and feel free to reach out if you have any other questions,
comments, or concerns.


Thanks!
Dave
415.713.2126

{% endautoescape %}


