{% autoescape off %}

With the school year fast approaching I wanted to give you a quick update and
let you know about some new features I've added to the site.

The first update is that teachers are becoming increasingly difficult to find.
I now have someone working full-time on building out our teacher network, but
even when we find those willing to teach we can't get any commitments through
the Fall.  Mostly this is because they still haven't been told their schedules
for the upcoming year, and so they simply don't know their availability.  As this
changes I will continue to keep you updated, but uncertainty rules the day right now.

If you've already found teachers for your student groups please let me know
so that we can learn from your experience and help others.  Otherwise, I'll continue
to build my lists as best I can so that when the schedules get solidified and teachers
are willing to commit we'll be in a position to move quickly.

Update #2 is that as a fallback I'm beginning to compile teaching materials which
could be used by a parent or recent college grads who might not have a credential
but want to learn and are eager to teach.  While this is far from ideal, at the very
least it will help keep kids on track and free parents up at least a few
hours of the day.

To help faciliate this I've made some changes to the site to allow simpler
management of Homerooms and the ability to easily invite others to them.  To try
them out simply log on to www.startnormal.com and go to your Dashboard.  There
will be link by each student's name to allow you to join an existing homeroom or
create one of your own.  You'll also see a list of every other student at your
school who has registered and is available to join.

I've also allowed the ability to invite others who are not part of the system to
join your homeroom group.  The greater the network, the more we'll be able
to attract teachers and provide a better social experience for our kids.

As always, if there are any questions I can answer please don't hesitate to
call/text my cell at 415.713.2126, or email me at dbinetti@startnormal.com.


Thanks!
Dave

P.S.  It would be good to hear from you directly -- I'd love to know how I can
make this more useful to you.

{% endautoescape %}


